Docs suggest only gateway collectors can support proxy settings (#1634)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: admin/authentication/allow-services.rst

Use the Splunk Distribution of the OpenTelemetry Collector
=======================================================================

> The :new-page:`Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector <https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/opentelemetry/deployment-modes.html>` supports configuring proxies. You can configure this on each collector, or a more typical method would be to configure a collector in data forwarding (gateway) mode. In the gateway paradigm you only need to configure the gateway collector(s) with the proxy settings; all other collectors can simply send data to the gateway collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :new-page:`Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector <https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/opentelemetry/deployment-modes.html>` supports proxies. You can configure proxies on each collector, or more typically, you would configure a collector in data forwarding (gateway) mode. In the gateway mode, you only need to configure the gateway collector(s) with the proxy settings; all other collectors can simply send data to the gateway collector.
```
